KEPCO KPS is a public company that fulfills social responsibilities and a member of a power group, with a great sense of responsibility from early on
There is a lot of interest in decarbonization in power generation facilities.
In recent years, the importance of CCUS technology that captures, stores, and utilizes carbon that has already been emitted along with efforts to reduce carbon emissions is increasing.
CCUS Facility in LowCarbon
In this respect, LowCarbon's unique carbon dioxide capture and reduction technology realizes the era of clean energy,
It is expected to play a key role in solving the climate problem.
On top of that, this agreement between LowCarbon and KEPCO KPS overcomes the intensifying climate crisis,
I think it will be a great foundation for realizing a sustainable future and driving sustainable growth in the new energy paradigm.
With today's agreement, LowCarbon and KEPCO KPS will jointly develop eco-friendly technologies to reduce carbon
We look forward to firmly establishing a solid cooperative relationship for domestic and foreign technical projects.
You may already know the possibility of developing climate technology in the future.
The foundations for achieving results through practical cooperation, not just through this agreement, have already been established.
Let me give you a practical suggestion
I went to the Florida-led mayor of Tallahassee to offer a CCUS proposal for infrastructure, carbon storage and waste incinerators
Since natural gas has to generate hydrogen alone, shouldn't we build a hydrogen factory?
If the mayor signs a contract with us, he said he would invest about 10 tons.
I told you that we can't afford to supply all of the Mulberry hydrogen plants you saw in the video to Space Florida,
We will visit again in April to discuss it.
It was really nice to hear that KEPCO KPS had a technology for alone during the conversation with the boss.
If you cooperate well and accompany me on this business trip to the United States, I think it will produce practical results.
This agreement is an opportunity to advance the era of carbon neutrality
We look forward to cooperation between the two companies for energy conversion.